COMMUNICATION WITH ENGLISH LANGUAGE

THE EIGHT PARTS OF SPEECH
http://www.butte.edu/departments/cas/tipsheets/grammar/parts_of_speech.html


https://www.aaaspell.com/vocabulary/1
https://www.abcya.com/
https://education.alot.com/higher-education/10-best-websites-for-online-english-lessons-for-kids--11524
https://americanenglish.state.gov/resources
https://askatechteacher.com/9-great-websites-to-inspire-kindergartners/

https://www.bbau.ac.in/Docs/FoundationCourse/TM/AECC105/Communication%201.pdf
https://www.biglearners.com/worksheets/grade-1/english

https://www.cambridgeenglish.org/learning-english/free-resources/
https://colorlib.com/wp/preschool-kindergarten-websites/
https://www.commonsensemedia.org/lists/best-preschool-apps

https://dltk-teach.com/

https://www.education.com/games/first-grade/
https://www.education.com/resources/first-grade/
https://www.education.com/resources/first-grade/ela/
https://www.education.com/lesson-plans/preschool/el/
https://www.education.com/resources/kindergarten/
https://www.education.com/resources/preschool/
https://www.education.com/resources/second-grade/
https://www.education.com/resources/second-grade/ela/
https://www.edutechpost.com/best-free-english-learning-websites-apps/
https://www.english-4kids.com/nursery.html
https://englishtivi.com/top-20-website-to-learn-english/
https://www.ezschool.com/Grade1/English/

https://www.familyeducation.com/school-learning/study-skills/the-best-learning-websites-for-kindergarten-pre-school-kids
https://fliphtml5.com/learning-center/9-best-teacher-websites-to-download-free-preschool-worksheets-pdf/
https://www.fluentu.com/blog/educator-english/esl-websites-for-kids/
https://www.fluentu.com/blog/english/best-websites-to-learn-english/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2019/05/29/free-online-education/?sh=38b86bc4342b
https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2019/05/29/free-online-education/?sh=58150707342b
https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2019/05/29/free-online-education/?sh=5b3b1b0f342b
https://freekidsbooks.org/subject/school-textbooks/
https://www.funbrain.com/
https://www.funbrain.com/grade/1

https://homeschoolpreschool.net/8-fun-and-educational-websites-for-preschoolers/

https://za.ixl.com/english/grade-1

https://www.jumpstart.com/parents/resources/grade-based-resources/2nd-grade-resources

https://www.k5learning.com/reading/grade-1-lessons
https://www.k5learning.com/reading/grade-2-lessons
https://www.k5learning.com/free-preschool-kindergarten-worksheets
https://www.khanacademy.org/ela
https://www.khanacademy.org/humanities/grammar
https://www.kidsworldfun.com/learn-english/
https://www.kidsworldfun.com/learn-english/english-lessons-for-grade-1.php
https://www.kidsworldfun.com/learn-english/english-lessons-for-kindergarten.php
https://www.kidsworldfun.com/rhymes.php

https://www.learningyay.com/first-grade-english-worksheets/
https://www.lifewire.com/best-free-language-learning-websites-1357061
https://www.lifewire.com/best-free-learning-websites-for-kids-4800405

https://makingenglishfun.com/2021/09/24/the-best-free-english-learning-websites-for-kids/
https://www.misshumblebee.com/online-preschool/
https://www.momjunction.com/worksheets/preschool/english/

https://www.nypl.org/blog/2012/11/28/11-great-free-websites-practice-english

https://www.open.edu/openlearn/free-courses
https://www.openculture.com/free_k-12_educational_resources
https://openlibrary.org/
https://openlibrary.org/collections/k-12
https://opensource.com/education/13/11/open-source-materials-children-teens
https://www.opentextbooks.org.hk/primary-schools
https://elt.oup.com/student/americanenglishfile/level01/?cc=ph&selLanguage=en
https://elt.oup.com/student/americanenglishfile/level02/?cc=ph&selLanguage=en
https://www.pre-kpages.com/esl/
https://www.preschooltalk.com/free-learning-websites-for-kindergarten/

https://blog.reallygoodstuff.com/11-free-reading-websites-for-kids/

https://www.savethechildren.org/us/charity-stories/free-websites-and-apps-to-keep-kids-learning
https://www.starfall.com/h/
https://www.schoolmykids.com/worksheets/english-worksheets-for-first-grade

https://www.teachstarter.com/us/grade-level/grade-1/
https://www.tiwariacademy.com/ncert-solutions/nursery/english/
https://www.thoughtco.com/free-homeschool-resources-4151635
https://www.tprteaching.com/esl-websites-for-teachers/
https://www.twinkl.com.ph/resources/k-2nd-usa/second-grade-usa/free-second-grade-usa

https://www.usalearns.org/1st-free-online-english-course

https://www.verywellfamily.com/best-educational-apps-for-preschoolers-4843524
https://www.verywellfamily.com/best-free-educational-websites-for-kids-3129084

https://api.whatsapp.com/send?text=Free+Learning+Websites+For+Kindergarten%20%0A%0A%20
https://www.weareteachers.com/kindergarten-websites/
https://www.weareteachers.com/second-grade-websites/
https://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Category:Portals
http://blog.whooosreading.org/20-websites-for-free-reading-comprehension-worksheets/





COMPUTER SCIENCE AND OTHER COMPUTING FIELDS

Computer Science and Computing-Related Fields: What are They and What’s the Difference?
https://umaine.edu/cs/what-is-cs/





WEB DEVELOPMENT - HTML

Common HTML entities used for typography
https://www.w3.org/wiki/Common_HTML_entities_used_for_typography

XHTML Entities quotemarks
https://web.cs.dal.ca/~jamie/CS3172/Materials/examples/XHTML/entities/quotemarks.html





BUSINESS LETTERS

Business Writing in Action - Letters
https://courses.lumenlearning.com/suny-mcc-businesscommunication/chapter/letters/

What Are Some Examples Of Different Types Of Letters?
https://in.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/examples-of-different-types-of-letters

Letters
https://web.mit.edu/course/21/21.guide/letters.htm

5.2 Letters
https://pressbooks.bccampus.ca/professionalcomms/chapter/5-2-letters/

Unit 21: Letters
https://kpu.pressbooks.pub/communicationsatwork/chapter/7-1-letters/

How to write a formal business letter
https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/business-communication/how-to-write-a-formal-business-letter/1/

Letter (message)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_(message)





BUSINESS LAYOFFS

How to Fire an Employee: Tips for Letting Go
https://www.businessnewsdaily.com/7969-employee-firing-tips.html

The Right Way to Fire Someone
https://hbr.org/2016/02/the-right-way-to-fire-someone

5 Tips On How To Fire An Employee Gracefully
https://www.forbes.com/sites/mikekappel/2017/04/05/5-tips-on-how-to-fire-an-employee-gracefully/?sh=64d23d3029dd

How to Fire an Employee
https://www.betterteam.com/how-to-fire-someone

How to Fire an Employee the Correct Way
https://keap.com/business-success-blog/business-management/human-resources/how-to-fire-someone-the-right-way

How to Fire an Employee: 10 Dos and Don’ts
https://www.aihr.com/blog/how-to-fire-an-employee/

How to Terminate an Employee (With Sample Scripts)
https://www.zenefits.com/workest/what-to-say-when-terminating-an-employee-with-sample-scripts/

How to Legally Fire an Employee
https://www.uschamber.com/co/run/human-resources/legal-steps-to-firing-an-employee

How to Tell Someone They’re Being Laid Off
https://hbr.org/2015/06/how-to-tell-someone-theyre-being-laid-off

How to Conduct a Layoff or Reduction in Force
https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-and-samples/how-to-guides/pages/conductlayofforrif.aspx

FOOTAGE: Elon Musk fired Twitter’s head of censorship ON AIR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Vh1P-XLdEQ

"Why I Fire Employees Every Day" - Elon Musk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtlZJjNh1Mw

When Elon Musk Humiliated Tesla Skeptic In An Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l02xHd3vjE








Resources 101


Sample Detailed Lesson Plan in English for Teaching Demonstration
https://www.teacherph.com/detailed-lesson-plan-english/#:~:text=A%20typical%20DLP%20contains%20the,%2C%20Procedures%2C%20Remarks%20and%20Reflection.



Seven Step Lesson Plan Template
https://study.com/academy/lesson/seven-step-lesson-plan-template.html



Effect of 7E Instructional Strategy on The Achievement and Retention
of Students in Bıology in Public Secondary Schools in Adamawa State,
Nigeria
https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1339456.pdf



4 Components of Clear Learning Objectives
https://revadigital.com/2015/06/18/4-components-clear-learning-objectives/#:~:text=Learning%20objectives%20are%20known%20to,%2C%20condition%2C%20standards%20and%20behavior.


END



























